m
it's a pride in the seventh week
the mark of trust on behalf of m
to me
say
that shows it's great that we value what I have been doing at the club since my arrival
at
cla
on the contrary
the three representatives in the points a relay to fly to the coach this
captain of a bo because it was me it is that this season place the date and
previous seasons the brio
and that's for sure
in e2 texas are an example at rest
for all the captains years
at the level of the rigor of the seriousness of the work
and here they are, I've judged a lot more loaded and I'm doing a lot of server
it's exasperation the goal
I do not see in ek the captaincy is surely
given the examples to show rigor in the investigations on one is and
from the south rallied all the while all the membership for the same purpose and
it is true that good the Bordeaux since
for three years I i think that playing games like fashion
champions league
it makes me progress I want 10% and
10 the capitanat mahamat may be allowed to further express myself with but
my colleagues
that's why
you take it
it is important to
they showed examples in all circumstances and for 100 th
I want to say
he has to try to gather everyone tries to debes
the degree the pull the group up and
in this novel takes his investment on the ground
no
I think competitor%
e to illuminate it next
for 100 euros recapitalize city is sometimes for presenting
he was happy
it's true that yes maybe that but percent
he predicts a little more pressure but good for a hundred and more 10%
it takes time for character to have to know fraud
passionate a place
why have I created things to correct I I'm speaking as
some do it because my the water captain was there could
be
the company had only 3 2 3 kg years of experience in pro
proving to me the link
say yes for 100 th
when it's okay you have to show olfeo will meet and you have to
try to arrange
Allah
super nintendo of the captain over the next 24 months who
its partners and
we say to too high and no I do not think
good I do not think so I think
this figure is something about it
and that's how the character
having had to assume
m